# NG Customizable Bootstrap

Angular powered Bootstrap 4 components for customizable UIs

# Contributing

## Setting up development environment

### Running locally

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Creating components

Once you have set up your development environment, you are ready to start creating components.

Creating components involves: 
* Creating a new Git branch
* Using the Angular CLI to generate a module
* Using the Angular CLI to generate a component
* Writing the code for the component
* Exporting the component from the module
* Taking the component for a spin
* Committing to local branch and pushing to remote branch
* Generating a pull request

To illustrate these steps, let us create a card component.

### Creating a new Git branch

Checkout a branch called card based on master. The -b flag tells Git to create the branch if it does not already exist.

`git checkout -b card master`

### Using the Angular CLI to generate a module

Generate module card via:

`ng generate module modules/card`

### Using the Angular CLI to generate a component

Generate component card via:

`ng generate component modules/card`

### Writing the code for the component

Open the `card.component.html` file generated by the Angular CLI and replace the contents with the following:

```
<div class="card" style="width: 20rem;">

</div>
```

### Exporting the component from the module

Open `card.module.ts`, import `CardComponent`, and add it to the `exports` array:

```
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { CommonModule } from '@angular/common';
import { CardComponent } from './card.component';  // <-- this!

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    CommonModule
  ],
  declarations: [
    CardComponent
  ],
  exports: [
    CardComponent  // <-- and this!
  ]
})
export class CardModule { }
```

### Taking the component for a spin

Open `app.component.html` and add the card component's selector to the list of selectors in the container div:

```
<div class="container">
  <ngcb-card></ngcb-card>
</div>
``` 

Open `app.module.ts`, import `CardModule`, and add it to the `imports` array:

```
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
import { CardModule } from './modules/card/card.module';  // <-- this!

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule,
    CardModule  // <-- and this!
  ],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

Save and run the app using `ng serve` and voila!

Verify that everything works, write some unit tests in `card.component.spec.ts`, and you are ready to request that the component be added to the library.  

### Committing to local branch and pushing to remote branch

```
git add .
git commit -m 'finished card component'
git push origin card
```

### Generating a pull request

Request that your component be added to the library as follows:



### Exporting the component from the module

Add the following to `public_api.ts` located in your project root:

`export * from './src/app/modules/card/card.module'`


